Now that is it
for this module.
Now, we're leveraging a backend for fetching our meals
and for sending our orders there.
We did add a form with validation,
which we have to fill out.
And we're there for practice the key concepts
and aspects we learned about
over the last cores sections.
Now, of course, there's a lot which you could fine tune
or change.
As I mentioned, you can implement more elaborate
foreign validation.
You can definitely add more complexity to this project.
But my goal with this project here,
was to dive into the essence of those previous sections
so that we practice the core concepts
taught in those sections.
Again, I can only encourage you to dive deeper,
build some custom hooks,
experiment with this project.
Maybe build your own project as well.
That's always a great practice to ensure
that you get better and better with React.
In this course, however, we got so much content,
and I don't wanna waste your time.
Therefore, I'll try to find the right balance
between diving deep when I introduce a concept,
and then practicing the core takeaways
and the core concepts in practical projects like this.
And therefore, let's now move on
and let's dive deeper into React.